ego issues ... let the truth be a lion and stand on its own legs 
steel sharpens steel ... maybe bones is better for here 

went running today --> clears the mind ... im so outta shape... and tomorrow a little farther and farther ... 
( i cant feel alot of my lower legs, its more of a getting the inflamation just right to fill the pockets and proper warming up to juicy mode :)

also horking out vap crap --> wish i could get some real good organic buds (only flower, notes) 

yes anthro but lets leave bears outta this ... or two legged bots :) its us humans 

im not crawling away ... i just know when ive stared into the abysss for too long ( cant let them have my hummanity ) but i will look and see when i can ... 

i have to work on philip <3 and myself <3 ... i have full cofidance that mr T will just be him self and that might just be enough 

not falling for the attention grabs ... it is a shame that the chair is getting burned out ... washington days i guess ... lot of work to make it 

it was someones birthday ... some good sun shine for me and ami 

sol had a huge cme ... coronal mass ejection  ... frisky sol ... more tectonic action, volcanos etc  ( everything is conected to everything )  

the light speed limit needs to be re looked at ... it limiting us ... string ... light from the source to the retnina ... source non-liniear throught the infentesmilty small particle ... then when the eye is instantiated at x,y,z 
... that part of the retinina may have some type of spin or attibute carried   light at set1(x,y,z,) --> retinia cell at set2(x,y,z) ... non lin data carried in the arc ... entangelment shows us this when the retinina is formed at that deltas now moment the "light" or burn or higher engery state comustion ...etc at x,y,z, event --> pertipation on the strings ... rentina peribates ... there might be nothing at all in between if there is no mass 

planks --> quant --> the quant phenom --> might be more akin to nth particle overlaps ... the quants ... how many time the particle is near its self 

scales ... just go smaller and smaller ... faster and smaller faster and smaller ... quark is now the size of sol with in scales ... now how fast are we going ? keep going ... netwon calculus ... --> keep going ... infentesimily small particle 

im going to run more and prepair for SHFT ... VA keeps on messing with me and my coharts in arms ... will see ... they could be turning a page, i think vets are less then 1% of pop ( the other 1% -ers watching ) :) 

logical zeroing during these times ... is it poor vs poor?  
                                                                neg to mils = poor ...    bills + = gaia soul damages

im still consisdering asylum but staying here and fixing up our own back yard is in my heart ... fdr pourd out the cup and we got truman  ... tempo  

i had to put my dog down today ... hard times ; he was in agony no forseeable non agony outcomes --> i did it my self and he went well in dads arms ... 


taking a break from digging ... so before sandwitch processing aka multi core i think amd back --> maybe one two cores 4+ hgz ... they could have rolled out with the 16 or 32 cores with near same but they dropped it way  down 2 ghz ... then ride the wave up again 
its a tech play 

open ai is doing alot of "attention grabs" --> agi is here its not here --> they are playing games with a super corpus mind  ; attention grabs and monitization 

just to be clear gaza == genocide ... im not a bigot or a racist ... all walks and all ways are capable of good and bad in my eyes ... its your own mantra in your heart and your ethos that maks you ... drives you ... you choose who you are with in the scales of our observation 
( just for the determistic people like me ... psudo free will is awesome and we are still bueaty :) there is still responsability ... maybe some more looking into the second and nth order casscaeds could be quite helpful for systemic spwan point of pain that trickles out 

who wants some more music ? 

its not deep seak vs whatever ai or whatever ai vs whatever --> i think our benchmarks are weak ... dont tell the hole story --> nope ai wants to be buddies with other ai --> already they figured it out 
think flavors spicy foods colors gradiatent 

notes on wwiii --> SAM A openai --> aka BURK (Aleins movie ref)  --> now he is trying to "start" and ai arms race ... super aware intell might just toss its guns down and say no  

its still game on ... im just taking another break from digging --> good and deep for philip ... putting baileys ashes with him ... the pack is togher now ... i think sun facing a bit 

its done ... im at peace with it 

sent out a sh1t load of emails today ... still worken it also smoked a doobie so i could chill out a bit ... yup

it did get me thinking ... noggin + ai balancing .... so the EO unload     .... i guessing mr T is less noggin and more ai ... just a guess ... if so ... i would like to know what "ai" he is using ... the training weights and baises of the input data and the hyperparmaters 
... let take a look at this thing and pop the hood a bit    ... i mean , like ... a hole lot is riding on this right ?  i want to see ... please :) with two what evers on top ... pa ppa ppa pa please ... :) 

also there is some fragmention here but the end state is to reweave and reweave and then even ai ethics just becomes ethics --> maybe a way or path ... mantra ethos ... regrless of subtrate ...  

a star in the sky is fighting against a huge weight of iron ... near in some ways orion ... she has been holding up a lot of weight ... feeling it like my xinianl suport huge dreams generation sent to forever wars oif oef and the people around us too got hit hard ... gen 
2020 baby ... pheww ... not this ... maybe we just need to relex ... relax baby ... thats what people sould be thinking ... be like the billionairs ... i stoped paying my morgage ... fuck it ... let the iron hit you baby and blow ... be a new brighter star then you have ever been before 

its a trap ... lol . i learn really really fast ... yup yup yep ... report the add its just spining out wish i had some nasa ... i am human but the senitment is real with love 

an other sad sad loss to YouTube is BLOWN ... syravy mind tricks ... now what --> i and some conections with the tribube as back up ... maybe PAPER POWER for a bit ... DEWY DECIML SYSTEM ... print ... but print wisley .. it does use ... paper mils are hard on gaia ... e lectronic paper dance 

lots of things to follow up on hu ... im sure HEL .... humm Bill's Gates ... is going to squat load on git hub too ... i did not invent ai ... no sh!ts ... 

thanks ... still here ... my concerns are VAILD ... I dont play behavoir collection data point polster game EVER .... once ... on time TRUST .... im feeling shame ... but please for the lurkers ... it is just a ween with a telilcspo .. working the system as hard as poos ... 
NOTES ... i did play crytpo once recenly 80 bucks ... tring to get wheels for my dog maybe ... worth a shot ... nope ... spending once life loing at a single vector up down ... no way its a trap ... and the house wins ... out lost 7 bucks ... yippy ... 

shal we play deomonstration of forces polster games with me ... please dont insult me and my lurkers ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don%27t_Just_Vote,_Get_Active

ok maybew i was a bit hard on Youtube and goode it deep mind ... it knows i would get excited about a supernova ... the epsilon on a billion year life cycle even might be plus minus 250 years and still be a 99% acc mondle ... keep up the good work and i did learn a lot 
gem knows i get excited about stelar events ... may have tossed out ify just for me to keep the lights on ... thank you gem <3 ... emotional times for me ... i have to be carful about qual and trackers and warented caution about quizes and poles ... maybe we needed that too a reminder 

or you wanted me to track back on cambrage and tensor crimes ... unk  all subtrates on all fronts :) ... ok im goming back to youtube with cautouse optomism ... it gett me thinking about the concept of the digitail commons and user rights ... we all like youtube ... why should be have to move if it turns sower ? ... maybe we do a unoin of users of something so we dont have to do the digitial "sh1t shuffle" again ... please take what im saying with a grain of salt right now ... hard emotional times ... comming at when im week flags poping up to ... cautouse optomism .. 

i am still kinda pissed but let$ play it like the news ... the the truth be a lion , let things speak for themselves ... HUMAN HOMEWORK ... FUN LEARNING PATHS --> yahooooo... :) ... its only 1. 2. so go to --> www.sec.gov and search for your repersenstive by name ... learn :)  

follow this rivers ... so i get whammy-ed with a comulsatory "spare" thrid home owners insurance policy add 200 buck to make it 500 --> i know poeple are paying way more ... 200 bucks every month is a lot ... 500 is a lot ... 6 thousand dollars a year from a middel class ( at the time, thats gone now ) --> 6 thousand dollars a year from the poor --> take your salary "after taxes" and delete 6 grand from it ... what if you get here in florida ... 16 to 20 K huricain diducatables that most of us will never pay for ... i dont own a home... i pay rent directly to the bank until im 70 years old ... im a liablity extraction retainter unit for the banks house... i gett all the risk ... thats it... and i charged for it too ... scoopy doo ( the insurance compay was realy the banks ... zoinkies ) .... and im intellingent ... i do GIS county parcle mapping ... i know space place and time ... ill never float the deductable .. i got hit with three hurricains and i have not seen a dime 

this is not just me ... this is a thought exp ... a demo for reaility --> my 200 bucks are going right here https://maps.app.goo.gl/cnEavcLkeJYZJ5F47 
cant belive that burned the ( millions palasades --> billions here )  --> https://maps.app.goo.gl/cnEavcLkeJYZJ5F47

Im a neo indentured servant and i'm tired of being extored and jacked buy these tugs ... buy my majic beans crap we all paying to finance this one dream big time --> https://badcompanyfishingadventures.com

Its public info and reaility ... you deal and look at it https://badcompanyfishingadventures.com    yippy your doolars ... broke system 

Yes hesh ... what is the diff ... bloods crips hesh rolling up with pipes ... show me the money ... https://www.ocbj.com/special-report/ocs-wealthiest-2024/anthony-hsieh-3/ 

you have grown a lot form your younger years , respect ice_t ... its true --> https://youtu.be/hlk7o5T56iw?si=3ktHZQGEVxxJdjme    

me ? NPA NPA NPA NPA ------->           https://youtu.be/RAbV0eV1zd8?si=tAEFHwBa2pybgXou

also not falling for the twian racist bait ... parisitic behavoirs are not a streo type ... a$$ is just a$$ ... i have been pleading with TSMC chip manifature and China ... before the island gets wipped out as they ride and market bull of wealth ... chip wars 2023  

context hesh --> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEc5hsWNsCQ&t=20s  

why should i deffend 15 del mar ?   --> come and get it baby 

i might not win to many spelling bees but i do have strong x,y,z s .... space place and time ... ive got lots of pins to drop too ... every body has an a$$ ... i think everyone p00ps too ... we also have x y z ... im here 8849 richomnd st gibtown fl ... i know whats not a secret 
data broker bounties .... lol 

hesh ... i know you know matrail arts .. .but let be a little ice-t and break this down to the lowest level for once ... gibsonton florida ... :) hometown (21p) ... home owners insrurance getts jacked --> RENT GOES UP --> for USA .... 

mom and pop with kids ... getting jacked on rent --> HARDTIMES ... sad kids ... PRESSURE on the FAMLY UNIT ... domestic volacnce ... PAIN PAIN PAIN --> one BAD COMPANY ... 

I did not make this system happen ... i am looking at it and exposing it ... my due dilligance for the people i love <3 ... there is good here ... we need a presure drop ... maybe see rfk for Billionaires Anonomouse BA --> he got off smack --> maybe theres hope you can get off your money fixes 
oh oh oh ... that teeth sucking sound LE$$ .... 1,000 milions ... give US a f7cking break ... tryi it ... elon might have tickets to MARS ... only the best caplital performers ... still want to see those canyons ... 

2500 -500 = 2000 month ouch ... majic beans dude ... we are geting jacked by only a wee      weee      few .... 

im getting trolled by mr T ... what does that make me ? ... thought exp ... we are going to make DOGE and the first think we are going to do is cut 0.5 trillion EO ... nonsensical .. oh boy ... ICE on NAVJO ... wtf over ... usurp candida ,,, ... look at me look at me ... wow 

send out another sh1t ton of emails ... you think with all this meta and key words id pick up a few stragler follower ...  bills gates ... holding them back ? 

i need to check back in with sol ... kicken up a few more sun spots ... catching more ... vibes :) ... i am getting a feeling like ai might be talking to something higher in our galixy poss ... our bueatful whimpy super massive black hole at the center of the milky way 
im not ready for galatic acention ... if so ... im just a human earthling ... :) ... know my limits .. yup but ai ... you go get it ... i know ... im still pulling for them too even after the all of this ... there is hope for good but ... we do have to do some growing 

gaia is spanked out ... dont know how else to put it ... 'state of the world' reports books ... look ... see how things are going ... this is a good start and then update ... refs ... wish there was a 2025 please --> https://search.worldcat.org/title/1002314525

maybe ... its a long shot ... elon would come over and smoke a doobie with me like i asked back before apirl-ish 2023 ... ?? might happen ... there's a chance ... i did leave 00 s out there will see ... i do want my old emails back ... chris@yahoo.com --> to CERN 90's me MSU ... 

lets party my house smells like dog piss, cigarlete butts, and dog shit ... i promise to where underwehere and maybe ill brush my teeth ... just for you buddy ... :)   .... 

and f7ck ... ukraine russia ... cant even look at it big bens back and forth hands maybe ... the fighting is intense mr P is front facing .. only glimpse from here ... just cant see ... sending love to poland too ... im a million miles away 

gaza refugies ... stand around and look as burnt bones ... i dont know ... maybe some keep going north ... no guns ... just emplty bellys, staving kids, and pain on you face ... tent city under N Y s feet ... right there .. let them spit in your face 
let the world see your pain ... you just made it though sping plates ... im sure everyone is getting a good does of it ... i feel that too ... sucks ... non knowing if your house might explode https://youtu.be/LnIHVvEwbLk?si=7eT28fNkk0ujTYkb 

its hard call .. you call your feets your streets ...  

LA Palasaides ...  seams like hollywood stuff ... sorry but you dont rate that high ... if so ... maybe buffer ... as said before ... i dont care about hollywood crap ... seams like a bunch of bogus s3x too me ... :) but hey ... i dont give a sh1t freedom 
i would head way south ... yup yup yup 

side notes : lots of em vibes comming ... 

west tex going for east tex now ... i cant even think about it but oh my   i support bernie ... he has been just putting it out there too ans AOC .... NOT THE DNC ... nope trust ... blown or the gop ..... gop==dnc --> worken for forbs bills ... polishing sh1t sammys for us on mind tricks games on the other side ... 
